>> Will Sentance: So to summarize solution
two back to the core of the goal here.
Like I gave those bonus pieces there for
all of us just, intriguing things.
Using the prototype chain,
using JavaScript prototype or
feature that user one and user two,
go access from when they were
created inside of user creator
with the order to create which gave their
object a bond to use a function store.
When I ran user one.increment and
did not find it,
the increment functionality of user one,
did I panic?
No, I headed up the proto reference
at the prototype chain to the user
function store where I found increment,
and I run it, problems with this?
No problems, it's beautiful.
It's a sort of Star Wars with you in
your interview said to your interviewer,
I prefer because I want more fine
grained control over my writing of my
oxygen that I tend to try and
follow this approach.
And they're gonna go,
they're gonna think the worst.
But, at the same time,
they're gonna go, impressive.
I better say I agree.
They're gonna go, yes, me too, yes.
They're not saying is the right way,
it's certainly not standard.
And I would not be
suggesting you use this but
it's gonna turn out to be the answer
to what's really happening
when we do use the standard way
of achieving this same goal.
Cuz the standard way, solution three and
four, increasingly just solution four,
behind the scenes is doing all this here.
And that means if you've gotta debug,
you've gotta understand it.
That means if you wanna interview and
answer the question what's the new keyword
actually doing behind the scenes,
you got to know all this stuff.
And I will say this, if you're writing,
if once you start thinking in this
paradigm in this way of thinking,
you start structuring everything
you do as object containing
the data that's pertinent to that feature
and its associated functionality.
You solving have users and admins,
and moderators, and quiz questions,
and league tables, and
even the game application itself.
All is just a collection of
data associated with that but
even the game board,
the dimensions of the game board and then
functionality related to that game board.
I use something for
everything in this way.
So you start writing a lot of these
functions that produce an object,
sometimes just one object with
just a sort of functions and
you only ever have one of them,
you just think in this manner from now on.
So I guess if you're always creating
a little object inside, always making your
connection to a store of functions, always
returning that object out like, I guess it
might be nice to have a way of saving
yourself during that process every time.
But it is super sophisticated this way,
but it isn't standard.
So we're now gonna see in solution
three the more standard way
introducing the keyword, they're all
that makes the hard work, its new.